Downloaded from
YTS.MX
This program is rated G
and is suitable for
general audiences.
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
♪
Okay team. are we ready?
Let's roll.
Speed.
Action!
Hello. I'm Abby Brooks.
We're here at
Seattle's Avocutrieé
and this is Abby's
Restaurant Takeover.
Don't be nervous.
you're going to love it.
We're about to reveal the
complete remodel of Avocutrieé.
a fine dining
five star restaurant
in the heart of the city.
And despite serving
European cuisine.
it's had trouble
keeping its doors open.
So hopefully this renovation
will give it a second life.
We're here with Raphael
Sabatini. owner and chef.
Raphael.
Are you ready to see
your new restaurant?
Sure!
Okay. take it away.
[applause]
Let's take a look inside.
For the design. I decided to go
with a sleeker.
more modern look.
I had the brick sandblasted.
the floors refinished.
and I went with
these darker chairs.
Wow! It's beautiful.
Raphael here is an
amazing five-star chef.
but I think he was trying
to do too much with his menu.
which took him away
from his basic flair
for grilled meats and fish.
With this renovation. it really
highlights and emphasizes
the space and Raphael's
best attributes.
This is really good. Abby.
I love it. Thank you.
You're so welcome.
I'm so happy you're happy.
-Good luck.
-Thanks.
I had a blast renovating
this little neighborhood gem
into a slick. trendy
Seattle bistro.
As always. I'm Abby Brooks
and this has been
Abby's Restaurant Takeover.
And that's a cut!
Great work. everybody.
Okay let's pack it up.
cause we've gotta
be out of here in 30.
First round of drinks on me!
[cheers]
First round of drinks on
the boss. that got them moving.
Meanwhile. I brought donuts
this morning and nothing.
That could be because half
of them were already eaten.
My kids ate them.
Oh okay. fine.
I got stuck at a long light
and the smell was so delicious.
No one's perfect.
[incoming text messages]
Is that Becca?
Yes. and it looks like we will
not be having drinks tonight.
She wants us to go to the office
and go over dailies.
Seriously. tonight?
It's not that much work.
Okay. one day you'll
be married with kids
and you'll realize how important
a night out on the town is.
It is our
producer's prerogative.
But I was really looking forward
to potstickers tonight.
You can come over after
and we'll order takeout.
We have a restaurant show
and we're getting takeout?
Oh. and we can watch a movie!
Okay. fine.
But. there better be potstickers
and fried dumplings.
Fried stuff.
lots of fried stuff.
Okay.
-I'll see you in the office.
-Okay. bye.
Man. Becca can be hard
to read sometimes.
I know!
That's why I don't even try.
I'm waiting for her
to be books on tape.
You went all-in
with that fried food.
Fried food soothes me.
[TV turns off]
I was watching that!
You were watching
competitive bass fishing?
Yeah.
I can't believe people
get paid to do that.
I think Becca
produces this show.
Chef's Challenge.
I miss being a chef.
You are a chef. kind of.
You're always around chefs.
I miss the heat of the kitchen.
everybody buzzing around.
That's what your sets are like!
Everyone buzzing around.
the heat from the lights.
delicious food.
It's practically the same thing.
Minus the satisfaction
of cooking.
You know what.
change the channel.
I've had enough kitchens.
cooking. food in general.
Fried foods specifically.
[romantic music]
No one wants to kiss
in the pouring rain.
That is so cliche!
I got proposed to in the rain.
No. yours was
probably really sweet--
Watch this is my favorite.
[Man]
The moment I laid eyes on you.
I knew that you
were my everything.
[Woman]
I've never felt a love
like the love we have.
That is not real love.
That's not real life.
Real life is sharing a
meaningful cholesterol moment
with a friend.
I don't want to hurt
your feelings.
but I've got another
best friend at home.
The one who married me.
You think I'm a cynic.
don't you?
Look Abby. you're a catch.
But you've got to. you know.
let yourself get caught.
Release into the ocean
of dating. my friend.
Swim upstream and find
the man of your dreams.
Are you talking
about my love life.
or are you stuck on that
competitive bass show?
You know what I mean.
I do.
You're a great friend.
-Night.
[Man]
We will always have Venice.
Okay. so here's
your next makeover.
Wow. already?
It's called Rocko's.
It's a little hidden gem
of a diner in Lawrence.
Where is Lawrence.
I've never heard of it?
-Is it near here?
-No.
It's just outside
of Minneapolis.
but still technically a city.
Why there?
We've decided to go in a
little different direction.
More east?
Rebecca. are you not happy
with the show?
I know we've had
some growing pains.
but it's only our third season.
That's true.
It's just the network
wants to move
the show around a bit more.
I don't know.
City fine dining
is kind of my thing.
It's either this. or take
the risk of getting canceled.
So not really a choice then.
Well. I guess I can do this.
Wait. can I do this?
Sure you can.
You and Kenna will
drive out tomorrow
and then your crew
will follow right after.
Alright.
Let's do it.
I guess I'm going to...
Where did you
say this was again?
Are we close to the hotel yet?
No idea.
I'm looking up the night life.
What does it say?
Well there's a bowling alley
called Bowl House
that's open till 9:30.
Okay. that's an option.
No. that's it.
That's the night life.
Why are we stopping?
Is there something wrong
with the car?
No.
Honk at them.
Okay.
[horn honking]
They don't seem to be listening.
-Okay. wish me luck.
-Thank you.
Okay!
Come on. you adorable
walking sweaters.
We've got to make
a path through here. come on!
Shoo!
Not from around here. are you?
Just passing through.
or trying.
You know you can honk
your horn at them. right?
I tried that.
[horn honking]
Maybe your horn
has more authority.
[engine starting]
[phone ringing]
Hey Becca.
Hey Abby. how's Lawrence?
Well. we haven't
gotten there yet.
We got stuck in a bit of...
local traffic.
Okay. I'll call ahead
and let them know
you'll be a little late.
When you said this place
was a hidden gem.
did you mean it
was literally hidden?
Okay. so we may have
overly compensated.
Look. we think Rocko's is
the perfect trial balloon.
So just give it a chance.
Trial balloon?
As in the canary in a coal mine?
By the way. the show is now.
Abby On The Road.
You'll only be there
for a week. or two.
or maybe a month. Who knows?
Exciting. right?
Very exciting.
Oh come on Abby. chin up.
This is right up your alley.
Have fun.
Yes. thank you Becca.
Okay. bye.
Thank you.
So what happened.
are we canceled?
No. I just completely
lost track of my show.
I don't even know
what it is anymore.
It's like they want me
out of my element.
Then we should've
got some footage
of you and those sheep.
You looked completely
out of your element.
Okay. try the horn again.
[long horn honk]
There see. you just
gotta do it with authority.
You get rid of the sheep
next time.
[car radio playing]
It's cute.
Michelin five star it is not.
But I bet they do a heck
of a cheeseburger and fries.
You and your fried foods!
[crash]
[laughter and applause]
That was the matinee.
Come back at six
for the double-feature.
What is going on out here?
Oh. well hello... again.
Hello.
Glad to see that the sheep
didn't take up too
much of your time.
How can I help you ladies?
Wait. you work here?
Yeah. it's kind of my place.
Rocko's is your place?
Last I checked. yeah.
Tommy. you want me to
take over the kitchen
so you two can get a booth?
This is Kenna. I'm Abby.
Nice to see you again.
Can I get you some food?
Oh. maybe later.
Thank you. but we'd better
get started.
Get started on what?
The makeover.
I don't know what
you're talking about.
The restaurant makeover show?
You don't recognize her from TV?
I don't watch too much TV.
I'm kind of busy at the diner
a lot of the time.
Plus. I mean aren't all
those shows
like lame reality shows now.
anyway?
Well. I'm sorry to tell you.
but we are going to be making
one of those lame
reality TV shows.
Oh...
What are you talking about?
Tommy. she's here because
I signed us up for her show.
What?
Abby's Restaurant Takeover.
She does restaurant makeovers
and I think we could need one.
So you did this
without consulting me?
Can I talk in the kitchen
for a second?
No.
I know you own the place.
but I am the eldest member
of the Billings family
and I made a decision.
Tommy. you are my
favorite nephew--
-Your only nephew.
-Don't interrupt!
Yes ma'am.
You've done a good job
with this diner. sweetie.
But everyone needs a
little help sometimes.
That sounds familiar...
Besides. what are you
going to do?
You going to fire me?
I'm the best wait staff
you've got.
Okay. we're off
to a great start.
Yeah.
Listen...
I'm here to help.
The good news is I am
pretty good at my job.
I bet you are.
I just need a little time
to think this over.
Okay. so I just want you
to come through...
We've got a shot of you
looking at the restaurant...
And maybe just
checking out the space...
Absolutely.
Maybe sit down
and look comfortable...
Put a camera here.
Yeah. and then maybe you
could even talk...
It'll be okay.
We need this.
Look. I don't need her help.
Tom Clancy Billings.
Oh really?
Using my full name now?
You are the fabric that
keeps this diner together.
Even the whole town maybe.
But after Linda passed.
you seem to be stuck
doing the same thing.
It's time to shake things up.
Look. my parents ran
the same diner for years.
Okay?
It worked for them.
it works for me too.
Your parents ran a diner
out of necessity.
They weren't natural
born chefs. you are.
The whole town could see
how much potential you have.
I just don't understand
why you can't.
There's nothing wrong with
running a traditional diner.
The regulars seem to like it.
Sure. maybe it's
not flashy. but...
I need this stability
for Claire.
Honey. you are
an amazing father.
And you can still be
that same great father
by chasing your own dreams.
Make this place a destination.
Plus she's cute.
[laughing]
Well of course.
She's pretty cute.
Look. I just don't have the--
You don't have the time
to date. I know.
-I know!
-Okay. well...
But couldn't you just
open yourself up a little bit?
Be good to yourself.
For my own sanity. okay?
Oh okay. I'll do it
for your sanity.
And you be a gracious host.
Make them feel at home.
We could do something
with these tiles...
Thank you.
Excuse me. I'm Abby Brooks and--
Oh hey. I know who you are.
I've watched your show
on food and wine.
Nice to meet you.
What're you doing in
our neck of the woods?
We're looking to do a show
here about Rocko's.
Do you mind if I ask
you a few questions?
Yeah sure. have a seat.
This is my director. Kenna.
Hi.
So what do you think
this place could improve on?
It's okay. Bill.
They're here on our side.
Well I've known Tommy
since he was a boy.
I used go fishing with him
and his dad every weekend.
Tommy was always so proud
of being from Lawrence
and proud of his diner.
that's all he ever talked about.
All he ever wanted to.
And he's kept his promise
to his dad beautifully.
I guess if I was to pick
one thing to improve on...
Tommy's a real good chef.
I think he could make this place
more his own. you know?
How was that?
It was good.
You know. Bill here made
his family farm his own
by being the first
organic grower in the region.
long before it
became fashionable.
That's great. Bill.
Hey dad. I went by Bill's
and picked up our order.
Look at the size of these beets.
Wow. those are beautiful.
Not as beautiful
as my Claire Bear.
I was thinking we could
add a light summer salad
to the menu?
Spinach with fresh red onions?
Top it off with a
basil vinaigrette?
That's a nice idea.
Oh my gosh. it's you!
You're here!
Yes I am.
I'm Claire.
Me and Aunt Marge watch
your show every Thursday.
It's part of the girls night.
Oh. you're so sweet.
Well I'm very excited
to meet you
and be here and get to work.
Me too!
Dad. this is so great.
I have a few ideas.
I'm literally the only person
that didn't know about this?
We thought you'd freak out.
I'm not freaking out.
I'm not!
I'm just surprised.
We are going to send out
these call sheets tonight.
Call sheets?
We'll be here at 6 a.m.
to start shooting the episode.
Okay yeah. if we do the show.
I still haven't decided.
Tom. I just rode in a rental car
for two days
with my director here who
only played 90's boy bands.
So we're doing the show.
Actually it was
early 2000 boy bands.
which is not important.
Last I checked. I
still own the place.
Come on Tom.
Come on Dad!
Look. just let me
think about it. okay?
My camera crew
will be here at 6 a.m..
so we need to know by then.
You know. Tom wanted to be
an actor when he was a kid.
He'll be a real natural.
I also wanted to be a
professional football player
and an astronaut.
I want to be an astronaut. too.
And a chef.
I'm sure that you will do
whatever you put your mind to.
Tom. I'm here to help.
I'm not the enemy.
See you tomorrow at 6 a.m.?
Goodnight all.
Alright. mister.
Lets get these beets
in the oven.
Don't worry dad.
you'll do the right thing.
Tom. let's go!
Yes ma'am.
Oh wow.
you got a deer plushie?
I didn't get a plushie!
Don't worry.
I won't let it ruin my trip.
Any word from the crew?
Yeah. they just got here.
And the equipment trucks
should arrive in the morning.
So we are good to go.
What's wrong?
Oh nothing.
Your nothing is
always something.
It's just that I'm
used to working with
five-star. big city restaurants.
I have a clear vision.
That guy Tom obviously
doesn't want me here.
And it's stressful
for him and me.
Hey. stop questioning yourself.
You know good food and
you know what people like.
I know what restaurant
city people like.
What's the difference?
Everybody chews
with their teeth.
You know what?
Go out. explore!
Discover what people want
and while you're at it.
discover what your
new show is about.
I knew there was a reason
I've kept you around.
And I'm taking this.
Really?
me what's going on... surl
He's supposed to get here
in ten minutes. but--
Kenna?
Oh Tom. hi!
We're a little light
on crew today.
So I am director. producer.
and PA. it would appear.
Can I get you a coffee. Tom?
It's my diner. we've got coffee.
Can I get you a coffee?
No. I'm good.
Good morning.
-Good morning. Abby.
-Morning. Tom.
So what're you thinking?
No pressure. but we are
all ready to go.
I'll be honest.
I'm not completely convinced
that we need this makeover
but my beautiful daughter is
and she loves your show.
So let's give this thing a try.
Great. let's try this thing.
Can we get Tom
in hair and make-up?
-Yes.
-Hair and make-up?
We just need you to be a
little more camera ready.
It's all part of the process.
Don't worry. they won't bite.
You're gonna do great.
Hair and make-up?
Okay. so we've got
sound speeding
and we're gonna go
from the intro. Abby.
And action!
Hi. I'm Abby Brooks and
welcome to Abby on the Road.
Where we go to small towns
to find local hidden gems
and give them a
much needed facelift.
I don't know if
it needs a facelift.
A fresh coat of paint and a
few more items on the menu.
But it's a diner.
not a reality housewife.
And this is Tom Billings.
The owner and head chef
here at Rocko's Diner
in Lawrence. Minnesota.
and apparently
an aspiring standup comedian.
Cut!
Okay. great first run you two.
Let's just loosen it up
on this next take.
Maybe pretend that you like
each other a little bit more.
Or a lot more.
Let me just do my intro and
I'll cue you when to talk.
Oh yeah you'll cue me. yeah.
I just need to do
my introduction.
Then you can tell
your little jokes.
Well you know. the crew laughed.
Kenna. can I talk to you
for a second?
A word?
Can you tell him to
just let me do my thing?
I think he's trying to sabotage
the whole shoot.
I think you've been watching too
many political thriller movies.
He's great on camera.
You know the camera
loves chemistry. so just flirt.
This is not a show
about finding love.
This is a show about finding
a diamond in the rough.
And now that I said it out loud.
I hear how that sounds.
This is a restaurant
makeover show.
It's a new show and you've
got to get used to it.
Your chemistry is off
the charts.
We just need the audience
to believe
that you actually
like each other.
Think about the show.
Our show.
Okay.
Okay. we're gonna
try that again. and...
Everybody loves the camera.
And action!
Hi. I'm Abby Brooks and
welcome to Abby on the Road.
A show where we go
to small towns
to find local hidden gems.
and give them a much
needed facelift.
I'm here with Tom Billings.
the owner and head chef
of Rocko's Diner.
Head chef? That's fancy.
I should update
my dating profile.
I'm surprised you even
need a dating profile.
Yeah.
Tom. tell us about your diner.
Well...
It's been a staple in
the community for generations.
and I'll prove it to you.
That Rocko's is a diner
like no other.
Yes. I'd love that.
That's the premise of the show.
so you'd be doing me a favor.
Excellent. Cut!
I'm gonna go to my trailer.
You don't have one.
Fine. I'm going
to my diner then.
This isn't working.
I'm going to call Becca.
It's new. you just
have to get used to it.
He's impossible to work with.
You don't have to like him.
You just have to pretend
that you like him.
I'm glad you're getting
your rom-com fix.
but this show has to be better
than the last one.
Think about ratings.
Abby. you've got to be
more patient with him.
If you keep fighting with him.
he'll keep fighting back.
You know what? You're right.
I've dealt with five star chefs.
I can deal with this.
Besides. have you tried
his catering?
Because it is so delicious.
Not helping.
Okay. so we're just gonna
pick up from where we left off.
We're rolling and... action.
Tom. what are we
cooking here today?
It's my mother's famous
Mississippi Meatloaf.
It smells amazing.
So what's in it?
Well. ground up meat.
eggs. and some spices.
Great. sounds good.
Usually I would ask
what's in the dish.
but this is a family recipe.
it's been in Tom's family
for generations.
That's really what you feel
when you come into Rocko's.
Family. Tradition.
And I hope to bring that out
during the renovation--
Yeah. you really need to come
to this place to experience it.
Sometimes we focus
on the Michelin stars
and how to push food
to the limit.
to the point where we don't even
recognize what we're eating.
It's places like this
that make us realize
why food is so important.
Family and community.
Yeah. we don't really need
any Michelin stars.
Just some good home cooking.
Cut.
How bout we take a ten?
Excuse me. could you please
get me a glass of wine?
Water.
Hey...
I'm sorry. that was rude.
Look. all this is kind
of new for me. right?
One day everything is normal
and then all of a sudden
there's a camera crew here
and I've got makeup on my face.
Okay.
It's just this diner
is my heart and soul.
and I just don't feel
comfortable
exploiting it on some show.
Some show?
Like your diner. this show
means everything to me.
And I'm not trying
to exploit you.
I'm legitimately
trying to help you.
Okay... okay. I can see that.
I guess I'm just not good
at asking for help.
Really. I'm just been trying
to carry on my family's legacy
and be a good dad.
That's really sweet.
So yeah. I think
some of my stuff
kinda gets put on the back
burner. just a little bit.
I can tell you're a great dad
just by the way
your daughter's eyes glow
when she looks at you.
And I'm not trying
to change any of that.
That's good to know.
Your diner is great.
All I want to help you do
is find your own way
of expressing yourself
through your food.
It's obvious to me
everyone wants that for you
including your friend. Bill.
Bill... Bill's our
best customer.
And by the way. I'm pretty sure
the only reason
he comes in here is
to flirt with my aunt.
Yeah. I saw that too.
-You did?
-Yeah.
Okay. good.
So what do you say?
Shall we take
another run at this?
Okay. I'm in.
But it's still my diner.
It's still my show.
Touché.
So we're here with Tom's
adorable daughter Claire.
who's going to be helping us
out today. right Claire?
I think my dad does
pretty good without me.
So what are we making?
We're making my grandma's world
famous Mississippi Meatloaf.
It's the dish that
put Lawrence on the map.
I don't know about that.
but it's pretty darn good.
Great.
Was your mother originally
from Mississippi?
No. not at all.
She never even left Lawrence.
So why Mississippi?
Not sure. she must've a taste
for Southern food. I guess.
She actually invented this.
She just taught it to me
when I was Claire's age.
and now I'm teaching it to her.
I love that!
So. what's in it?
Oh uh. that's a secret.
Just kidding.
[Laughter]
I like to start with some ground
corn fed Wagyu beef.
Now you want to
add a little ketchup.
let's get that in there.
Gonna add a pinch of oregano.
pinch of paprika.
Okay now.
don't tell anyone. alright?
Throw in a little chili powder
just to really bring the heat.
Now the real secret lays
in the golden brown crust.
For that. I like to use this
rosemary blended maple syrup.
Wow. do you make that here?
No. I get that from
my dear friend Mrs. May
over at the market place.
She just creates these
magical infusions
with Minnesota's very own
organic maple syrup.
I help him pick out
the best syrups.
I bet you do.
So what else is in there?
Everything's from Lawrence.
I mean. I get my flour
from my neighbor
who grinds it himself.
I get all the organic
vegetables from Bill.
Here. try that.
Oh. that is an
explosion of flavor.
Right?
Bill is the best farmer
and best customer.
So after that. what I like to do
is I fry up the garlic.
all the vegetables.
I throw in a little breadcrumbs.
some Worcestershire sauce.
and then once it cools down.
you just want to layer
that into the meat.
Then you form it in your pan.
throw it in the oven at
400 degrees for 55 minutes.
That sounds so good.
It's the best.
So when do I get a taste?
I actually made one for you.
Oh. that looks amazing.
I am so excited to try a bite.
Oh.
That is out of this world.
There's more where
that came from.
And cut!
That's a great
first day. everyone.
Okay. call sheets
will go out tonight.
Expect to be here
at 6 am on Monday.
And have a good weekend.
You did so good.
Thank you.
To be honest. I was
a little bit nervous.
Oh yeah I could tell.
then you became more yourself.
Oh good. thanks
for your honesty.
Abby. this is so great.
I can't believe you're here
and we're on your show.
When is it going to be on TV?
Don't know. but I will
give you plenty of notice
so that you can get all
your friends to watch.
That would be awesome.
Just keep working on my dad.
I know he'll get a lot better.
Hey. I thought I did
pretty good.
You were great!
Really. you're a natural.
See? Thank you.
Hey Abby. what are you
doing this weekend?
I don't know.
probably just working
and watching some movies
with Kenna.
Why don't you come over
to Aunt Marge's house?
We have a Sunday barbeque
that dad does.
Oh. I'm not sure...
-Please?
-Yeah please. why don't you?
You know. I think
you'd really enjoy yourself.
You know what?
Chalk it up to work.
Plus. you get to taste
a little more of my food.
Okay. sounds good.
Great. it's a date.
[both together]
Not a date!
What's going on over here?
I'm just trying to find
an outfit for the barbeque.
I want something elegant.
but casual.
Is this a date?
It's not a date.
it's a work event.
But I still want to look nice.
I see...
Don't do that thing you do.
What?
Pry.
It's a small town.
there's not that much drama.
I've got to find it
where I can get it.
What about this?
Too much.
Well help me then!
How about this?
It's cute. casual...
Yeah. that can work.
At doing what?
What are you getting at?
Nothing. just saying.
Kenna?
Have fun!
♪
Okay. you guys are like
a bunch of hungry dogs.
I just want to make a little
speech before we all dig in.
Alright well.
the floor is yours.
I would like to thank Bill
for so graciously providing
this beautiful bounty.
I would like to thank Abby
and her team
for coming all the way down
to Lawrence to help Rocko's
become the best kept secret
in the country.
And I would like to thank
my nephew Tom
for his brilliant
barbecuing skills.
Here here!
Thanks.
[applause]
Everyone eat up. enjoy.
This is so messy!
Hold on. you know
you don't eat ribs
with a fork and a knife. right?
Okay...
It's messy.
Okay I know it's messy.
but how does it taste?
This might be the best
barbecue I've ever had.
And I mean that: I've had Texas.
Kansas City. South Carolina.
but right here in Minnesota.
can you imagine?
Thank you.
And this salad -
it's delicious. so fresh.
Oh yeah. that's Bill.
You can really taste
the difference. right?
Hey Bill. she loves your salad.
Well hot dog.
that makes me happy.
I just picked all that
this morning.
I told you you're the best.
Well ma'am. you give me some
competition for that title.
[guitar strumming]
That Bill is quite
the entertainer.
Oh yeah. he sings anytime
he can get an audience.
Excuse me.
This place sure is beautiful.
Yeah. I love this spot.
The food was spectacular.
Thank you.
So you don't hate me anymore?
I don't hate you. I never did.
I'm just not used to people
telling me what to do.
Plus. there was a lot
all at once coming at me.
I got the film crew.
hair. makeup.
and then I've got you
telling me to flirt with you.
I said to flirt for the camera.
I still don't know
what that means.
Me neither. but
you're good at it.
Thank you.
So how long has Marge
owned this place?
Oh...
Forever.
I literally grew up here. so...
It's a great place to grow up.
And you don't seem
like the kind of guy
who loves the city so much.
The city's fine.
I just love the town
of Lawrence more.
You know in the city.
people are always in a rush.
And you know. for what?
My dad always used
to say that you should enjoy
the place you love
with the people you love.
You really do love it here.
I really do.
Hey. did you know that my dad
proposed to my mom
in a boat right here
in this stream?
What a lovely memory.
Yeah. he forgot the ring.
-No!
-Yes.
[laughing]
My dad was always
forgetting things.
My mom always had to
stay on him about it.
So he finds this fishing line
in the boat
and he fastens it
around her finger
and he tells her that he finally
caught the one that he loves.
It's a little corny--
No. it's not corny.
It's really sweet.
So how about you?
You got anyone you're going home
to when this is all done?
Nope.
Well. Kenna's kids.
I'm their honorary aunt
and they love me.
I don't know if they love me
or the gumballs more.
Oh. bribery!
I love that that's a thing.
So what about Claire's mom?
After she passed. I just...
I didn't feel like dating
after we lost her.
So I just kind of honed in
on Claire and the restaurant.
I didn't know she passed away.
I'm so sorry.
Thank you.
Trust me. she lives on
through Claire.
That's the downside of living
in a small town
is that everybody
knows everybody.
so when it comes to dating...
Whew. it's hard.
For me it is.
Well. I have the
opposite problem.
In a big city.
there are so many people
that dating is stressful.
And I'm like you. work
takes up all of my time.
That I get.
But I mean. you love
the show. right?
And you know.
you're pretty good at it.
Well thank you.
I'll take that as a compliment.
Yeah. I love the show.
it's just not what I'd
envisioned for myself.
I started off as a chef
and I love being a chef.
But then I met my ex
and he had all these ties
to the TV and culinary world.
and he kept pushing for me
to be a TV show host.
Before I knew it.
I had my own show.
It was very exciting. but
it wasn't really my dream.
Then what's your dream?
Right now?
Yeah. right now.
What's your dream?
To cook more.
Then cook more!
I wish it was that simple.
If so. I'd be running
my own little restaurant
outside the city.
If you ever decide
to ditch showbiz.
I might know a guy
who owns a diner that
might be interested in hiring
a lovely lady such as yourself.
You know if you're
here next week.
maybe there's a big annual
fundraiser that I do.
if you wanna come?
Oh. what's that?
It's just a big dinner
that I put on.
It's to help raise money
for the volunteer firefighters.
It's usually a big barbecue.
Well. we know
you're great at barbecue
and I would love seconds.
A little different than this.
I usually do these big.
gorgeous steaks.
Well then yes.
And we can tape it!
It would be a great finale
for the show.
Okay.
I guess we should probably
get back to the party. huh?
Yeah. sure.
Okay.
♪
Need some help?
Oh. thanks dear.
It's been really fun.
thank you for having me over.
It was my pleasure.
You're a sweet girl
and my niece Claire
cannot stop talking about you.
She's a doll.
She's really bonded with you.
Tom doesn't usually let people
get close enough to do that.
I think you're winning him over.
Really?
Well he's a great guy
and she is so special.
She's going to do great things.
I can feel it.
You're right about that.
I'm just glad you're here
and I know Tom is too.
Good.
You just keep pushing him.
He'll keep pushing back.
but that's when you know
you're making something great.
I like that perspective.
And don't worry.
I'm going to keep pushing
so the diner reaches
its full potential.
Oh. the diner will be fine.
I'm talking about pushing Tom
to be a better
version of himself.
Thank you for making me
feel so welcome.
Absolutely. sweetheart.
Anyone who comes to
Aunt Marge's house is family.
[phone ringing]
Hey Becca.
Hey Abby. are you busy?
Nope!
Just wanted to call and tell you
that I've been
watching the dailies
and I have to say you and Tom
have some real chemistry.
Oh. that's good.
It was a rough start. but I
think we're making progress.
I was wondering if you could
lean into that a little bit.
Lean into what?
The chemistry. the flirting.
It's camera gold!
You should've been an actress.
Becca. I'm doing a food show.
not The Bachelorette.
Besides. it's more than that.
He's a really good chef.
Alright. listen.
The network is considering
doing two restaurants
per episode.
So what does that mean?
It means less time
at each restaurant.
Shorter shoots.
And it frees you up
to do more locations.
But the good news is.
you'll be leaving Lawrence
a week earlier and
heading down to Tulsa.
Oh. so I'm leaving soon?
You sound upset.
I thought you'd be happy
to be spending
less time in Lawrence.
I need more time.
I can't wrap a week early.
Look I love that
you're a perfectionist.
but just think of
this as the pilot.
We may not even air it.
We'll just use it
as proof of concept.
Becca. I really wish I was
involved in these decisions.
You know how much I care
about my show.
And now I care about
these people. too.
I understand. but at
the end of the day
this is the network's show.
and they want what they want.
As my friend. let me stay
through their fundraiser.
It'll make a great finale.
Trust me. we can
sell them the show
based on this one episode alone.
I will make it pop!
Okay. I'll see if I can
hold the network off.
But Abby. this better
be worth it.
It will be.
Bye.
Good morning!
Where's the camera crew?
Oh. we don't shoot every day.
Plus. today is a
big renovation day.
Oh yeah. we can hear that.
We're giving you a fresh.
modern look with exposed brick.
Oh. love it! I think...
I have something I want
to show you guys.
Oh. what?
I can't tell you Claire Bear.
it's a surprise.
Follow me.
Okay.
Close your eyes! Both of you.
Okay. you're not going to dump
water on our heads. are you?
No. keep your eyes closed!
-They're closed.
-I promise.
Okay. open up.
Wow.
Okay. where did you get that?
Your Aunt Marge.
And I had it blown up.
Thought it would set the tone
for the new look.
Really make the place pop.
That's from the first time
we re-opened the diner.
Look at us!
Check out you and your dad.
He loved the idea of you two
doing this together.
(Claire)
I remember papa.
It's also the first time
he saw his name in lights.
That was Tommy's idea.
It was originally named
the Penny Diner.
No idea why.
That's just the name it was
when my dad bought the place.
Now when I took over.
I wanted to honor him.
Believe it or not. his real name
was Theodore Billings.
So you think he
would've went by Ted?
No. my grandaddy worked
in the local quarries
and he nicknamed his son. Rocko.
That's what everybody
knew him as.
Big Rocko. that's my dad.
We put up that sign
and here we stand.
Your dad must've thought
the world of you.
Both your parents.
They'd be so impressed with your
dedication to their legacy.
Thanks Abby.
They were absolutely great.
both of them.
After the renovation is done.
you will get to
continue that dream.
And I imagine Claire here
is going to make you
one great sous chef!
I was thinking I'd be
a great head chef.
Oh really. you gonna push
the old man out already. huh?
You told me I have to reach
for the stars. Daddio.
I did.
We made big points
with that photo.
I knew they'd love it.
Congratulations.
You're wearing sneakers?
And your hair is up.
It's a renovation day
and these are comfortable.
And I didn't have time
to do my hair.
You always have time
to do your hair.
I've missed flights because
you had to do your hair.
Hey. don't worry.
The network will
realize the show's a hit.
I know. I just want to stay
and finish what we started
before we move on.
I know you do. but just relax.
Everything's going to be fine.
You're right.
I just need to loosen up.
So. you have the new schedule?
Umm... we leave next Tuesday
for Oklahoma.
I like the sound of Oklahoma.
sounds like a worthy joint.
We won't be done yet.
It's quite evident
that you won't be done yet.
-Stop it!
-No. you stop it.
I've seen you with Tom.
Oh. come on.
Abby Brooks is so afraid of love
she can't even talk about it?
I'm not in love!
Do I think he's cute? Yes.
Do I think a lot
of guys are cute?
Yes.
I haven't actually heard
you talk about men in general.
Let alone them being cute.
Admit it!
Admit what?
Go ahead...
Okay. if I lived here maybe
I would go on a date him.
But I don't and
we're leaving in a week.
so there's no point.
I hear you. but aren't you
just a tiny bit curious?
Yeah maybe. but he's not
part of the plan right now.
No guy is part of
the plan right now.
I need to turn the show around.
that is the plan.
The show is the plan.
Okay. whatever makes you happy.
But just so you know.
I think Abby Billings has
a really nice ring to it.
Alright you. eat these peanuts!
[phone ringing]
Hello. Abby Billings-- I mean
Brooks. Abby Brooks.
Hello. Abby Billings
- I mean Brooks.
This is Tom Billings.
Are you still there?
Yeah. hi!
I don't have good reception.
so maybe you can't hear me?
No. I hear you just fine!
Great. I'm so glad
you can hear me.
What's up?
Listen. I was just
thinking about. you know.
what you said about
expanding the legacy.
And I was just wondering
if maybe you'd want to
come over to my place and
preview one of the dishes
that I was considering
adding to the menu. eventually?
Listen to you. Tom Billings.
Change is a'coming.
So what do you say?
Yes! Yeah I'd love to. sure.
That sounds good.
Okay.
I'll see you soon.
Okay. I'll text you the address.
Great.
-Bye.
I don't want to hear it.
What? You know so much?
I need to preview a menu
for his new item.
He's actually listening to me
for once.
It's good for the show.
The show is important!
You are driving me crazy.
I've gotta go.
I'll see you later. Cut it out!
I love you. bye!
Hi.
Hi...
You know. I have a bigger mirror
in the house. right?
Having a makeup moment.
You look beautiful.
Wanna see what
I've been cooking?
Yes I do.
Come on in.
Uh oh. I know that look.
I hope you left your
makeover hat at the inn.
Because no notes
on the decor. please.
No. I really like it!
It's so homey.
Although I would get
a different couch.
I just said no notes!
Where's Claire?
It's Thursday. so girls night
over at Aunt Marge's.
She'll be back later.
So. what are we
having for dinner?
Well. let me show you.
First I'm gonna need
a little bit of your help
just to finish it.
Oh. that's why you
invited me over?
You need a sous chef?
Everyone needs
a sous chef. right?
[pan sizzling]
Oh. that smells amazing.
Wait until I bake it
with the cheese and sauce.
Potatoes are already
in the oven.
I can't wait!
Should I just throw these
right into the sauce?
That's a nice idea.
Oh. I am so sorry!
Are you okay? Did I burn you?
No. not at all.
-Oh. I feel terrible.
-Well don't.
Listen. keep an eye
on the sauce.
Gonna go change my shirt
real quick.
Because I cannot be entertaining
you looking like this.
Okay? I'll be right back.
♪
Ah. there you are.
What are you doing in here?
Sorry. I saw these
when I came in.
Did you draw these?
Yeah just. you know.
some doodling.
No. it's not doodling.
These are full blown
restaurant designs.
-I love them.
-You do?
Yeah and this menu.
It's simple. but elegant.
Well. you know.
I dream sometimes.
I... guess it's a hobby.
Well if it's just a hobby.
it's because you're
making it that way.
Guilty as charged.
You are full of secrets.
Tom Billings.
No. I'm not trying
to keep any secrets.
But I will let you in
on one secret?
What's that?
I don't like burning my sauces
for chicken parm.
so dinner is served. my lady.
Oh. thank you. kind sir.
After you.
-That doesn't sound good.
-Wow.
Okay. here we are.
My personal recipe
for Chicken Parmesan
with roasted rosemary potatoes
and steamed spinach.
Oh. it smells so good!
I still have yet to try it.
And wait until you try that
Portobello tomato sauce
that you helped me make.
Oh Tom. that is divine.
Yeah?
Thank you. that means a lot
coming from someone
with your culinary pedigree.
You can knock it off.
Really. it's delicious.
So when are you going
to add it to the menu?
Oh uh. soon-ish.
Look. I just don't think
it's diner food.
Who decides what
diner food is. anyway?
I guess I do.
I just don't think that
my patrons are ready for it.
Not ready for chicken?
Yeah. I mean if you
want that kind of cuisine
you just go to the Italian place
across town. right?
So what are you saying?
That only steak restaurants
can serve steak?
No. what I'm saying
is that Rocko's people
just probably wouldn't order it.
Hey. Mr. Stubborn?
You never know till you try.
Test market it.
put it on the menu.
If no one orders it.
you have your answer.
Maybe.
Or maybe we'll just save it
for Tom's Place.
If that ever happens.
See. there you go again.
Tom's Place is a great idea
and you can make it happen.
You could do it.
And in the meantime. you could
be serving this dish right now.
I think people will love it.
Are you flirting?
Even though the cameras are off?
I wasn't flirting!
Okay...
Okay. maybe I was.
Just a little bit.
And if you do open Tom's Place.
then I'd have to come back
to shoot another episode.
We're home!
I didn't quite
expect them this early.
Hey. Daddio.
Geez Louise. that wind's
really kicked up.
I think we're in for one.
Hi...
Sorry I know we're early.
but I thought I should
get her home before
the heavens opened up.
We had a jump on
building that ark.
[laughing]
We were just finishing up.
What? Is this a date
or something?
-No--
-Not a date.
Okay. it's just
that other than Claire.
I've never seen a girl here.
Okay.
What?
It's just shocking. that's all.
Abby. can you help me
with my dessert?
Well. of course!
Great. okay.
It's my take on the
classic upside down cake.
Oh. fancy!
Let's get the oven started!
You want to step out on
the balcony for a moment?
Yeah. it's such a beautiful
night for something like that.
So?
What are we doing?
Nothing.
You're quiet...
So?
Sometimes people are quiet.
Yeah people are quiet.
you're not.
What're we doing out here?
Was it a date?
No.
Look. I knew you were bringing
Claire home tonight.
Why would I want her
to sit in on a date?
It looked like one.
I just wanted her to try
some of my new chicken parm
and give me some
feedback. that's all.
Oh. I see.
So you had to light
some candles.
play some music for that?
Look. just say what
you want to say.
I like her.
That's all.
Me too.
But...
No buts. Never need buts.
But she's going
to be going soon.
Who knows?
The way you two come off. they
might give you a show together.
Oh. I doubt that.
Although we would make a
great team for the show.
Isn't it worth a shot?
Marge. I just met the girl.
I'm not ready.
I've been listening
to that for years.
According to you.
you'll never be ready.
That's not true.
Look how happy she looks.
She could use a woman
in her life.
She's got you.
Stop trying to sell me. okay?
When it's right. it'll be right.
I don't want to drag Claire
into something
unless I know that it's real.
You know what I'm talking about.
And how does anyone know
when it's for real?
You just gotta take that chance.
Real love always finds a way.
So you came up with this recipe
all by yourself?
Well it's actually
Aunt Marge's recipe.
but I changed a lot
of things around.
That is what I've been
trying to get your dad to do
with your family recipes.
He's stubborn.
I noticed.
But he usually
comes around eventually.
Trust me.
I do.
So does your dad bake with you?
Not really.
He always says that baking
was more my mom's thing.
Well I'm glad to be baking
with you now.
Me too.
Oh. what just happened?
Power went out.
Is everybody okay?
Yeah. just a little shocked.
Welcome to Lawrence.
Thankfully we have a gas oven.
I couldn't see. I hope
the crust is golden enough?
Young lady it's going to be
perfect. because you made it.
Alright. I'm digging in.
You ready?
Yeah. me too.
Wow!
Claire. well done honey.
Really?
And I love the blackberries.
See? I told you they'd like it.
I want to be like Abby
when I grow up.
Have my own TV show
and share my cake recipes
with people all over the world.
Okay. so you want
to be an astronaut.
a TV show host and a chef?
Yeah. so?
Do it!
Like I said. I think you can do
whatever you put your mind to.
Hey!
You know what? On that note.
I have had a wonderful time
but I should probably get going
before the next downpour.
I'll give you a lift.
I'm heading that way.
That would be great. thanks.
I'll walk you both out.
I'll go get the car.
That was so delicious
and so much fun.
Thanks for all that help.
Those were some great tips.
Good night. Abby.
Good night sweetheart.
Thank you.
I'll clean this up.
Thanks. sweetie.
Thanks for coming.
I ate way too much.
it was so good.
I better see that dish
on the menu.
We'll see.
I had a great time.
Yeah. me too.
[horn honks]
Your aunt sure has great timing.
She does. doesn't she?
See you tomorrow?
See you tomorrow.
Good night.
Night.
How'd it go?
How'd what go?
Your date.
It wasn't a date.
So what do you call it?
Dinner.
Well. did she like your dinner?
Yeah. she did actually.
She actually really
liked the chicken.
She thinks I should
put it on the menu.
-That's a good sign.
-Yeah.
But do you like her?
Yeah. I like her.
I like her too.
That's good.
You know. she's really nice.
Look. Claire Bear...
You know how much
I love you. right?
You're the most important
person in my life.
And I...
I know how much you miss mom.
And I do too. okay?
And although I see it in you
every single day.
I miss her smile.
and I miss her laugh.
I miss her silly sense of humor.
I miss her cooking.
You're a great cook.
Thanks.
Look honey. I know this
has been a tough time
for both of us. okay?
But look we've always had
each other to lean on. right?
And look. othing would
make me happier
than to have someone else
in our life right now
that we could just share
our lives with.
And I promise you I will
make that happen...
Eventually.
So what's wrong with Abby?
Nothing's wrong with Abby.
I think.
Well. do you love her?
Do I love her?
Uh...
It's a little early
for that. sweetheart.
I mean we just met. plus
she's leaving in a week or so.
Listen. how about we just keep
her as a really good friend?
Okay?
I don't know.
we'll see where it goes.
Deal?
Deal.
Come here.
We'll always have each other.
Claire Bear.
I love you.
Love you too.
How was your date?
It wasn't a date.
You were at his house!
You were eating food together.
but it wasn't a date?
You and I eat food together
all the time.
I wouldn't exactly call
that a date.
And his daughter
and his aunt were there.
So you're getting to know
his family? Nice!
Kenna. we've been shooting
with them for what? A week?
And I went to a cookout
at his house.
Is any of this ringing a bell?
You're no fun.
What do you want to know?
That I had a good time?
That Claire is talented
and inspiring
and Tom is sweet and handsome
and I love spending time
with him and his family?
It looks like both of us
got our answer.
What are you doing here?
Overseeing the reno.
Doesn't look like
that's what you're doing.
What's in the pan?
A local chef gave me
an incredible recipe.
and I wanted to see if
your diners might like it.
Just some local chef. huh?
And who might that be?
Doesn't matter.
Do you think they're ready
to elevate their palates?
No. I don't.
Feel confident about that?
About as confident as you
feel in your heels.
Okay. let's make a bet.
If half of them like
your chicken parm.
it goes on the menu.
You in?
Yeah. I'll take that bet.
It's on!
How many people would
like to try a fancy.
probably overrated
chicken parmesan?
Yeah. gimme some here.
Wow.
Okay. I had no idea we had so
many Italophiles on our hands.
I don't know what that
big word means.
but I love me some
good chicken parm.
Why didn't you say anything?
Well. we all know you can be
a little stubborn there. Tommy.
Okay....
Me? Stubborn? No...
Hey. what are you laughing at?
Still feeling that confident?
Tommy. this dish
is off the chain.
Really?
Alright. well message
received loud and clear.
Chicken parm stays on the menu.
Yeah!
Tom... bad news.
All those steaks we ordered
for the fundraiser...
They've been held up.
they won't be here by tomorrow.
Cut!
Sorry. Kenna.
It's alright. Marge.
What's the problem?
There's been some mixup
with our shipment.
They don't know
where our order is.
Just have them send us
a new overnight shipment.
With the storm and stuff?
They'll never
make it by tomorrow.
Well what's left in the freezer?
Not enough. and besides.
what else would we serve
on Monday?
Okay.
Look. I know we have a lot
of filming left to do today.
but I've got to
take care of this.
I already sold 30 tickets
and I don't know
what I'm gonna do yet.
Hey Bill. what's ripe
at your place?
Heirlooms are looking
pretty good.
What else?
Why don't you come out
and have a look?
Yeah.
I'm thinking five years of
working in vegetarian joints
might come in handy
right about now.
Okay. well I'm in.
Great.
Hey. where are you going?
We're already behind schedule
and Becca wants us
to travel on Sunday.
Let me handle this.
You load up the crew
and follow us.
Go get 'em girl.
we'll be right behind you.
Take a look at these zucchinis.
There you go.
That's a beauty.
Got any egg plant?
It's your lucky day.
Okay yeah. I could make a
nice ratatouille out of this.
As long as I can
convince the townsfolk
that they're
eating vegetable stew.
That sounds great.
But what am I gonna do
for a main?
Hey Bill. where are
those heirloom tomatoes
you were bragging about?
-Yeah. right over here.
-Great.
Abby. these ones are special.
Oh. that's gorgeous!
That's my Bill.
So what are you thinking?
I'm thinking we could
do vegetable lasagnas.
Layer zucchini.
portobello mushrooms.
These tomatoes are going
to make a killer sauce.
You add some ricotta.
parmigiano.
smother it in mozzarella -
you're a hero.
Okay. that sounds pretty good.
We'll take some onions
and some of your famous
Russian garlic.
You got it.
Can I help make the pasta?
Claire. you are now
our new sous chef.
And I started at
vegetarian restaurants
in the city for five years.
We can do this.
Yeah. we can do this...
I think.
I didn't know who you were
or talented you were
when I met you.
You got this.
We got this?
[everyone]
We got this!
Okay. you keep going
with the ratatouille.
It already smells divine.
Yes. chef.
Oh. it's been so long since
someone called me that.
I've really missed it.
Well. you're killing it.
You haven't skipped a beat.
Thanks. Tom.
Anything else I can do for you?
Yes. can you throw
these zucchinis in the oven
with a little olive oil.
They taste sweeter once
they've been lightly roasted.
How's this?
Claire you are a natural.
but it's no surprise
given your legacy.
Keep going. just roll it
a little thinner.
Aye aye. captain.
Where did you learn that?
I'm reading Treasure Island.
Well shiver me timbers.
Hey listen. I want you
all to know
that this lady isn't
just a TV host. okay?
She single-handedly
saved my charity dinner.
my restaurant. and me.
Thanks Tom. I'm touched.
What. are you auditioning
for your own show?
Not a chance.
Becca?
Hey Kenna. how's it
going over there?
Really good. like.
out of this world good.
So are you guys
flying out tomorrow?
The dailies are good
and I love the chemistry.
but it feels a little played out
and I'm wondering if
it's time to move on.
And the advance people
have Tulsa prepped.
Look. there's something
happening here
that's much bigger that
you can't get from the dailies.
I need you to trust us on this.
It's worth the delay.
Really?
What?
It's more than a format change.
I'm gonna need a couple
more days.
Okay. I hope you're right.
It's really tough for me to do
this when I don't know why.
Trust. Becca. trust.
Call me tomorrow.
-Hello.
-Hi.
Linda. Larry.
Welcome.
I hope they're not disappointed.
This tends to be a bigger.
carnivorous affair.
They're going to love it.
Well. they're just not used
to me serving this.
Think about how receptive
they were to your chicken parm.
You're right. however.
carnivorous.
[laughs]
You gotta give them more credit.
More importantly. you've got
to give yourself more credit.
You are a great chef.
even if you're cooking
vegetarian entrees
for the first time.
Thank you.
Remember. everyone here
loves you.
Everyone?
Yes. everyone.
Now let's get inside so
we can get ready to serve.
Okay.
Hello everyone.
Hey Tom!
Listen before we dig in.
I just want to thank you all
for coming to this year's
annual fundraising event.
We deeply appreciate all
of your participation
and just on behalf of all
our volunteer firefighters.
we thank you. really.
I've created something
a little different
and special for you this year.
But before we get into that.
I'd really like to introduce
you all to Abby Brooks from
the Food and Wine Network's
hit series. Abby's
Restaurant Takeover.
Now she's been doing
a makeover at my diner
for the past week or so.
So yes. I hope you
are dressed in your best.
because her crew is here
and you will be in the show.
Unless you forgot to sign
a waiver on the way in.
[laughter]
I just want to take a second
to tell you all about Abby.
She's one of the most stubborn
people I've ever met.
I mean that in a good way.
You better mean that
in a good way!
[laughter]
I do.
She's just cruising around
my diner doing her thing
and it's inspiring.
Her love for cooking
and for helping people.
it's infectious.
So suffice it to say. this feast
would not have happened
if it were not for Abby.
So cheers to Abby.
[applause]
Now. what you'll find
on your plates
is my very own recipe
of ratatouille.
as well as the main dish. which
is Abby's vegetable lasagna
and all the pasta has
been made by my Claire Bear.
Please enjoy! Dig in.
[applause]
Bon appetite!
Wow!
This is out of this world. Tom.
Thank you. Bill.
Fantastic!
[phone ringing]
Becca. hi.
Hey Abby. I've got you
on speaker.
I'm here with the VPs.
and they're loving
what they've seen so far.
Sorry. I don't have
very good reception.
I can hardly hear you.
I'm here with the network.
and they're loving the dailies
that Kenna sent yesterday.
They think the new concept
is gonna work. big time.
That's great.
I'm so glad you like it!
Yeah. it gave us an idea.
What's that?
Well. we really like the
chemistry between you and Tom.
so we're thinking
we should pair you up
with one of our male hosts.
Oh...
Yeah. we're thinking
of Marco Bonelli.
You know. from
Marco's Sweet Treats.
We think the two of you
together will be a home run.
I have met Marco and I've seen
his show and he's good.
but I don't think we
would have any chemistry.
Abby. if you can have chemistry
with some local chef
in a small town. imagine what
you could do with a real pro.
It's not about me
being with a pro.
it's about who I feel
comfortable with
and who I have chemistry with.
I think he's a phony.
I'm not suggesting it be force.
We would of course do a pilot
to see if there's
anything there.
Becca. I've happily gone along
with all the network changes.
but I'm telling you I
can't work with this guy.
He's arrogant
and full of himself.
And I can't just flirt
with anyone.
I'm not going to put on
an act anymore.
I'm sorry Abby.
but it's our decision.
Sorry. I think I'm losing you.
If you can hear me.
I don't have reception.
I'll call you when I get some.
I told you our food
was going to be a hit.
Yeah.
And who's calling who stubborn?
Well we better get going
on dessert.
Give the people what they want.
or more of what they
didn't know they wanted.
It's fine. I think I can do it
by myself.
Is everything okay?
Look. this is almost over.
You've got the finale
and the big reveal tomorrow
and then no more act. right?
What's going on?
Look. I've had fun okay?
I really hope that
your show turns out well.
Wait. where did. Tom...
What is...?
What's going on?
You didn't say anything
all the way home.
What's wrong?
I don't know.
Is it Tom?
I don't know what happened.
He suddenly got cold and
then he wouldn't to talk to me.
Well. we're pretty much done
with the remodel.
You don't have to see him
again after tomorrow.
On top of that. Becca
wants to partner me up
with that jerk. Marco Bonelli
for a new show.
Where did that land?
Somewhere up in the air.
as usual.
We'll figure that out.
I'm just so confused about Tom.
What did I say?
What did I do?
Oh honey...
You can't plan love.
If it was meant to be.
then it would've worked out.
So. today is the
big reveal episode.
Yeah.
Should be nice to see
what they do to the diner?
Yeah.
Tommy. what happened?
Nothing.
Show's over today
and then we can go back
to living our normal lives
once again.
What's wrong?
What happened between
the two of you?
I was right about her.
She's just a big city girl
who cares about her TV show.
What're you talking about?
She was playing us to get
her TV show done.
She seemed sincere to me.
Well. she wasn't.
I overheard her on
the phone last night
and it was very clear that
she is done putting up the act
of buddying up next to me.
What did you hear?
I heard all I needed
to hear. okay?
I was foolish.
I brought Claire into this.
which is the last thing
that I wanted to do.
And you know what?
We were starting to feel
like a family.
You talk to Abby.
There are two sides
to every story.
Look. it's clear that we're both
living two different lives.
Going down two separate paths.
I hope those two paths
find each other.
because you two make
a great team.
Made a great team.
Thank you.
Tom. before we get
started filming.
I want you to know how
much this has meant to me.
It's okay.
Let's just get this show
on the road. huh?
I'm excited to see what
you've done with my place.
I really hope you like it.
I'm sure I will.
Okay. picture's up...
and... action!
I'm here with Tom Billings.
we're about to reveal the
renovation of his Rocko's Diner.
When we first got here. we
saw a diner full of potential.
A diner that was
already well established.
cherished by the town.
I'm sorry. can we cut?
Yeah. cut!
Abby. are you okay?
Yeah. sorry.
I'm good.
Can we go again?
Yeah.
Rolling... and... action!
I'm here with Tom Billings.
We're about to unveil the
remodel of Rocko's Diner.
I'm going to be honest with you.
When we first got to this diner.
I didn't know what I could do.
The food was great. the people
in town love this place.
and the owner was deadset
on keeping tradition alive.
So I thought let's keep
that tradition going
with a little love and care.
You ready to see your new diner?
Yeah.
I added this beautiful patio to
accommodate dining al fresco.
It's going to increase
your capacity.
but it's also going to give
Rocko's a new sense of openness.
It's just the beginning.
You should see
what I've done inside.
Come on.
Wow.
Look at these photos.
I haven't seen some
of those in so long.
Oh and the potted herbs. nice.
I love it.
I thought it would bring out
the freshness of your new look.
And here's your new menu.
Okay.
Okay. what do we got?
Wow. look at this.
We've got fresh beet salad.
chicken parmesan...
Vegetable lasagna.
With your community driven
diner.
updated with a more progressive
menu.
locally sourced produce.
like from your friend
Bill's organic farm.
Rocko's can boast
a renewed commitment
to farm to table cuisine.
I love it and I think
the town will too.
It was all part of your dream.
This has been Abby on the Road.
We'll see you next time!
And remember. you
can find a hidden gem
just about anywhere.
All you have to do is look.
And... cut!
And that's a wrap everyone.
We want to thank you so much
for all your hard work.
And we want to thank Tom
and his beautiful family.
Thank you.
Marge!
Bill. put her there...
-Bill! You sure look happy.
-Yes. very exciting.
My Claire Bear.
I just want to say this has been
such a great experience for me.
I've done a lot of
restaurant makeovers in my time.
and I have never met a nicer
or more welcoming group.
So thank you.
Can I talk to you for a second?
Yeah.
Look. I don't know what happened
between the two of us.
I thought we were
enjoying each other.
We were.
But something changed.
I don't know what.
but I'm really sorry it did.
Yeah me too.
I need you to know that
whatever is going on here.
I wasn't flirting
with you for ratings.
Everything I felt for you.
Claire. Marge.
the diner. people of Lawrence...
It was all one hundred
percent genuine.
Okay.
I have something that
I need to tell you.
What?
The other night. I accidentally
overheard you on the phone--
Hi. I'm sorry.
We've gotta go.
Our plane is like the only one
that leaves here in two weeks.
Tom. what...?
No. she's right.
You better go.
Kenna. thank you for
everything you've done.
No. thank you!
What you're doing here
is really great.
They're lucky to have you.
Keep it up!
She's right.
they're lucky to have you.
See you when I see you.
Abby...
Thank you.
Oh... look in the kitchen.
I left something for you.
To the Stubborn Chef...
These smiles held the promise
of a new beginning.
You will always be in my heart.
With all my love to you
and Claire. Abby.
You still think she's
just flirting for the camera?
It's just a TV show. Auntie.
Honey I've seen all
her episodes.
this was more than a TV show.
That girl loves you.
Tulsa better have
a better night life.
You know. if there's
a two-step bar.
you're obligated
to be my partner.
Earth to Abby?
Kenna. it doesn't
feel right to leave.
especially like this.
Lawrence was the first place
that felt like home in so long.
I really grew to love it.
And Tom?
And Tom.
And Claire. And Marge and Bill.
Abby if we don't go to Tulsa.
we lose the show.
Why are you stopping?
You're not having second
thoughts. are you?
Our welcoming committee
came to say goodbye.
This has gotta be
their interstate.
Hey. where are you going?
To shoo them away.
The horn still
doesn't work for you?
You can't leave today.
Tom. what are you doing here?
Look. what I was trying
to tell you was that
I accidentally
overheard you on the phone.
And I don't care if you think
I'm phony. or if I'm a jerk.
You can't leave today.
not like this.
That's what this is about.
I was talking about
some jerk at the network
they wanted to pair me up with
that's not going to happen.
I was actually fighting
to have you as a co-host.
You would do a show with me?
If I'm not mistaken.
I think we just did.
Okay. so you
don't think I'm a jerk?
I think you are the most
genuine guy I have ever met.
Look. I don't care
if you live in the city
and I live in the country.
And I have no idea how we'd
make this work but...
Sorry. you were rambling.
You kinda make me
do that sometimes.
Are you two going
to keep this up?
Because I think the sheep
are getting jealous.
I actually hired them
to stop you.
[laughing]
I'm just kidding. Maybe.
Hey. do you want
to come and help me
with the dinner rush tonight?
I would love to.
Besides. I have a feeling
we're going to miss
our flight anyways.
Due to unforeseen traffic.
Besides. I have a better idea
I think I can sell
to the network.
Okay.
And... action!
Hello. I'm Abby Brooks.
And I'm Tom Billings.
And welcome to Hidden Gems!
It's a show where we seek out
small town restaurant gems.
like right here in
our lovely own Lawrence.
and then we teach you how
to recreate one of their most
famous dishes right here
at Rocko's Diner.
This week. we went to a small
Indian restaurant
just one hour north of Lawrence.
And we're gonna try
to put our own spin
on their murgh makhani.
That's how you say that...
And we think you'll love it!
And... cut!
Okay great work people.
but we've got to move on.
Lots to do.
Indian food. I could go
for that.
See. I told you your clientele
had a sophisticated palate.
It's just Bill.
Hey sweetie. how was that?
You guys are great together.
but I have a few notes
for you. Dad.
Oh. I've created a monster!
Well. I learned from the best.
What about me?
You were perfect.
Perfect? Really?
Maybe you need to follow
Abby's lead from now on.
Well. I'll tell you.
I would follow
this woman anywhere.
♪